essential changefeed add restrictions (#22381)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/essential-changefeed-overview.md

> - Currently, TiDB Cloud only allows up to 10 changefeeds per {{{ .essential }}} cluster.
> - For [{{{ .starter }}}](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#starter) clusters, the changefeed feature is unavailable.

## Restrictions

> 

Reviewer: According to https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/sql-statement-rename-table/, TiDB supports renaming multiple tables in a single `RENAME TABLE` statement.
<img width="2180" height="1006" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/959d0c0b-834d-4aee-87c8-6917cf32a7f8" />

According to https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/ticdc-ddl/#rename-multiple-tables-in-a-ddl-statement, "if a DDL statement renames multiple tables, TiCDC replicates the DDL statement only when the old database name, old table names, and new database name all match the filter rule. In addition, TiCDC does not support the RENAME TABLE DDL that swaps the table names. "

Therefore, it might be the limitation of TiCDC, not TiDB.

> - Changefeeds do not support the DDL that renaming multiple tables in a single `RENAME TABLE` statement (for example, `RENAME TABLE t1 TO t3, t2 TO t4`). Executing this statement permanently interrupts changefeed data synchronization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Changefeeds do not support the DDL statements that renaming multiple tables in a single `RENAME TABLE` statement, for example, `RENAME TABLE t1 TO t3, t2 TO t4`. Executing this statement permanently interrupts changefeed data replication.
```
